feat: configure internal connection pool with connection string parameters (#1658)
aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/UsingTheJdbcDriver.md

| `skipWrappingForPackages`                         | `String`  | No                                                                                                                                                                              | Register Java package names (separated by comma) which will be left unwrapped. This setting modifies all future connections established by the driver, not just a particular connection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `com.pgvector` |

> | `connectionPoolType`                              | `String`  | No                                                                                                                                                                              | Activate internal connection pooling and set up an internal pool implementation type. Possible values are `hikari` and `c3p0`.<br><br>In order to configure specific pooling parameters use configuration property names for classes `com.zaxxer.hikariHikariConfig` or `com.mchange.v2.c3p0.ComboPooledDataSource` prefixed with `cp-`. For example, `connectionPoolType=hikari&cp-MaximumPoolSize=20&cp-MinimumIdle=1`. <br><br>Internal connection pool is maintained per database cluster specified by `clusterId` parameter. Clusters with different `clusterId` values will use separate connection pools.                                                              | `null`         |

Reviewer: Have to add a . between hikari and HikariConfig. Also, does it make more sense to say that the settings are maintained per database cluster? If we say the pool is maintained per cluster it sounds like we only have one pool for a cluster when we actually will have one pool per instance in the cluster.
```suggestion
| `connectionPoolType`                              | `String`  | No                                                                                                                                                                              | Activate internal connection pooling and set up an internal pool implementation type. Possible values are `hikari` and `c3p0`.<br><br>In order to configure specific pooling parameters use configuration property names for classes `com.zaxxer.hikari.HikariConfig` or `com.mchange.v2.c3p0.ComboPooledDataSource` prefixed with `cp-`. For example, `connectionPoolType=hikari&cp-MaximumPoolSize=20&cp-MinimumIdle=1`. <br><br>Internal connection pool settings are maintained per database cluster specified by `clusterId` parameter. Clusters with different `clusterId` values will use separate connection pool settings.                                                              | `null`         |
```
